
# ERC20 AREVEAToken
## Table of contents
### Decentralized coin
### Arevea Token
### Smart Contract Functionality 
### Disclaimer 
 
####  Decentralized coin
Decentralized coin:- We strive to help communities with token ERC20(Decentralized applications) & other crypto-related media. ARE ERC20 Are crypto-related services help to build the community for their platform to promote their product and business. It is becoming the most powerful tool for blockchain development and use cases. We help bring the project to the masses using a specialized marketing strategy that will help build a community for good. And we believe honesty and integrity is always the best policy. Our services ca are fully transparent. What makes us different we have a unique coin functionality anyone can mint and generate a coin for their purpose and it is one of the decentralized forms that makes the difference. 


AREVEA Token:- it is  AVA coins users can able generate coins they want not beyond the maximum cap of 3 trillion and with an initial supply of 1 million 
And user and mint and burn coins also as per requirement. And users can transfer coins and finally, user can spend the amount accordingly, and apart user has a spending control options to control the spending of the recipient 


Contract deployed in Ropsten test network
Contract Address- 0xd37d018814ff53a05a8c4358cd8cf1527bbe7a8f
Contract Creator - 0x2258c5b9c82ff0fa923756ed3fd2acb5616df57c
Successfully generated ByteCode and ABI for Contract Address [0x588fc28802f009ff3cbedfb660c05aaf6d3f4ac0]
Transaction HASH 
0x4bfb7b98579c40ecfa071592b2a8c8d58941cc386fdbecf5c439424238020a94
Deployed contract address 0x588FC28802F009fF3cBEdFb660c05AaF6D3f4AC0
ipfs://96650a408e61429fbc4608d334d8376ff7089c07b12a30583464e951e4f95eaa


Initial supply - 1000000
Total supply – between initial and max supply 
Max supply  - 1000000000000 
Symbol – AVA
Token name – AREVEA
Decimals -18

Smart Contract Functionality 
<br>1)	How the contract works and steps and functionality 
<br>2)	Contract initialized with a function called the initial supply of 1000000 it is the contract creator or the initial owner created with an initial supply of amount. 
<br>3)	Contract has a Maximum supply which means the total supply, the total circulation of money cannot go beyond the max supply ex- 1 trillion is total circulation.
<br>4)	Name: is the token name and symbol is token symbol and decimal refers to 18 eths in circulation. 
<br>5)	How to check the owner(contract creator) initial balance 
Copy owner address - 0x5B38Da6a701c568545dCfcB03FcB875f56beddC4
Paste in address field and press enter  – balanceOf -0x5B38Da6a701c568545dCfcB03FcB875f56beddC4  
<br>6)	Lets talk about mint and burn functionality – it is the function to generate coins and destroy coins in circulation. Only the owner can mint and burn
Contract owner add: 0x5B38Da6a701c568545dCfcB03FcB875f56beddC4 
Under captainship of owner anyone want to mint can burn.
<br>7)	Transfer: The contract owner can transfer to anyone, not another person 
<br>8)	Transfer-ownership: this will transfer the ownership to anyone 
<br>9)	Lets talk about Transfer from: in order to work this function owner must allow the amount to spend both spender and recipient allows using approve function in order to wotionrk well. pp
<br>10)	Increase and decrease the allowance is used to set increase or decrease spending approval

Smart contract function in brief;
<br>1)approve: function to approve spending and approve transferFrom, and it approves increase Allowance and Decreases allowance 
<br>2)burnFrom: it is the function to burn excess supply of token
<br>3) increase Allowance: it is a function to increase the allowance for spending.
<br>4) Decreases allowance:- it is a function to decrease allowance for spending 
<br>5)mint: it is the function to generate supply of tokens as needed.
<br>6)transfer: it is the function to direct transfer tokens 
<br>7)transferFrom: it is the function to transfer between account after approve function
<br>8)Transfer Ownership: it is the function to transfer ownership
<br>9)Decimals: gives 18 decimal value 
<br>10)Initialsupply: it is the initial supply from beginning
<br>11)allowance function to check the allowance balance between spender and owner
<br>12)balanceOf: it gives the total balance of accounts.
<br>13)maximumsupply: gives the total maximum supply of tokens 
<br>14)name – token name
<br>15)owner- contract owner
<br>16)symbol- token symbol
<br>17)totalsupply-gives the total supply in circulation 

AREVEAToken final deployement

address of owner https://ropsten.etherscan.io/address/0x2258c5b9C82ff0Fa923756ED3FD2aCb5616dF57c
<br>transaction hash https://ropsten.etherscan.io/tx/0x358db3ac768b815b3e0220fadd14d7f69c12d025902a41a27dac8375c9348dcf
<br>token link https://ropsten.etherscan.io/address/0x588fc28802f009ff3cbedfb660c05aaf6d3f4ac0#code
<br>Dapp link https://oneclickdapp.com/respond-alcohol


